Fix extended tasks usage in README (#108)
huggingface/lighteval: README.md

    --output_dir output_dir
```

### Evaluate a model on extended, community, or custom tasks.

> You can use `lighteval` to evaluate models on tasks that require special processing or those that have been added by the community. These tasks have their own evaluation suite and are defined as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Independently of the default tasks provided in `lighteval` that you will find in the `tasks_table.jsonl` file, you can use `lighteval` to evaluate models on tasks that require special processing (or have been added by the community). These tasks have their own evaluation suites and are defined as follows:
```

* `extended`: tasks which have complex pre- or post-processing and are added by the `lighteval` maintainers. See the [`extended_tasks`](./extended_tasks) folder for examples.
* `community`: tasks which have been added by the community. See the [`community_tasks`](./community_tasks) folder for examples.

> * `custom`: tasks which are defined locally and not present in the core library. Use this suite if you want to use a special metric or task together with the `lighteval` features.

Reviewer: `Use this suite if you want to experiment with designing your special metric... ?`

> * `custom`: tasks which are defined locally and not present in the core library. Use this suite if you want to use a special metric or task together with the `lighteval` features.

Author: ```suggestion
* `custom`: tasks which are defined locally and not present in the core library. Use this suite if you want to experiment with designing a special metric or task.
```
